Adds installation guide (#236)
sunpy/sunxspex: docs/tutorials/instructions.rst

.. _installation:

**********************
Installing sunkit-spex
**********************

Installing the development version
----------------------------------
Sunkit-spex is still under development, and no stable version has been released. However, users can install the the development version as follows.

> First, open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you want the sunkitspex repo to live on my computer. Then, clone the sunkit-spex repo:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you want the sunkit-spex repo to live on my computer. Then, clone the sunkit-spex repo:
```

.. _installation:

*********************
Installing ``sunkit-spex``

> *********************

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**********************
Installing sunkit-spex
**********************
```
The heading markers need to be the same number of characters as the title.

Installing the development version
----------------------------------

> Sunkit-spex is still under development, and no stable version has been released. However, users can access the tools already available by installing the development version via `sunkit-spex GitHub repository`_. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sunkit-spex is still under development, and no stable version has been released. However, users can install the the development version as follows. 
```

> First, go to the directory where you want the cloned repo. Then, clone the sunkit-spex repo into this directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, open a terminal and navigate to the directory where you want the sunkitspex repo to live on my computer. Then, clone the sunkit-spex repo:
```

.. code-block:: console

> $ git clone <sunkit-spex url>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    $ git clone https://github.com/sunpy/sunkit-spex.git
```
Actually give the URL.  Also, the code itself needs to be indented in order to be formatted correctly.
